Restrict block matchers use with value expectations (#1285)
rspec/rspec-expectations: Changelog.md

Breaking Changes:

* Ruby < 2.3 is no longer supported. (Phil Pirozhkov, #1231)
* Remove `should` and `should_not` syntax (including one-liners). (Phil Pirozhkov, #1245)
* Turn `strict_predicate_matchers` on by default. (Phil Pirozhkov, #1277)
* Remove deprecated `LegacyMacherAdapter`. (Phil Pirozhkov, #1253)
* Remove support for legacy RSpec matchers (pre 3). (Phil Pirozhkov, #1253)
* Remove `include_chain_clauses_in_custom_matcher_descriptions` option
  and make it the default. (Phil Pirozhkov, #1279)

> * Restrict block matchers use with value expectations. (Phil Pirozhkov, #1285)

Author: I don't get it. This is already in `4-0-dev` :confused: 
https://github.com/rspec/rspec-expectations/blame/4-0-dev/Changelog.md#L6

* Remove `include_chain_clauses_in_custom_matcher_descriptions` option
  and make it the default. (Phil Pirozhkov, #1279)
* Remove support for present-tense dynamic predicate. (Phil Pirozhkov, #1286)

> * Restrict block matchers use with value expectations. (Phil Pirozhkov, #1285)

Reviewer: I'd mention the implicit blocks part, hopefully this PR will help people understand why we want to do this :joy:
```suggestion
* Prevent implicit blocks (e.g blocks as values) from being used with block matchers.
  (Phil Pirozhkov, #1285)
```

Author: I hope so as well! :smile:
